---
description: >-
  Access the ProcessMaker Platform RESTful API documentation from your
  ProcessMaker Platform instance.
---

# Access ProcessMaker Platform RESTful API Documentation

## Overview

The ProcessMaker Platform user interface consumes our RESTful API, which is compliant with the OpenAPI specification. Administrators and developers may want to browse API documentation (automatically generated by [Swagger](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/)) to understand how to use the available API endpoints or to consider how to extend ProcessMaker Platform functionality for their own use cases.

In order to use the ProcessMaker Platform API, you must know the base URL to your ProcessMaker Platform instance.&#x20;

Example: `https://MyOrganization.processmaker.net/`

## Test API Endpoints from the API Documentation

Follow these steps to test our RESTful API endpoints from the API documentation:

1. Open a new Web browser tab or window.
2. Append `api/documentation` to the end of your ProcessMaker Platform instance's base URL. Example: `https://MyOrganization.processmaker.net/api/documentation`. The API documentation displays.
3. Click the **Expand operation** icon for the ProcessMaker Platform API endpoint you want to test. Technical information about that API endpoint displays.
4. Click the **Try it out** button, and then enter parameters documented for that API endpoint into their appropriate fields.
5. Click **Execute**.

## Make API Calls with the Data Connector

You may use a Data Connector to make requests (calls) with our API associated with your ProcessMaker Platform instance. See [ProcessMaker Data Connectors](https://docs.processmaker.com/designer-advanced/what-is-a-data-connector).
